add wizard cli video and update snippet (#9281)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/about-mcp.md

To help with dbt, assistants need your project metadata and, when you allow it, supported actions such as CLI runs, platform APIs, and <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> queries. The dbt MCP server exposes those to MCP clients and supports use cases such as conversational access to data, agentic automation for dbt workflows, and AI-assisted development. This page covers local and remote setups, available tools, and how to get started.

> The MCP server provides access to [<Constant name="wizard" />](/docs/dbt-ai/wizard-overview), <Constant name="platform_cli"/>, [API](/docs/dbt-apis/overview), the [Discovery API](/docs/dbt-apis/discovery-api), and [Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl). It provides access to private APIs, text-to-SQL, and SQL execution.

Author: ```suggestion
The MCP server provides access to [<Constant name="wizard" />](/docs/platform/wizard-overview?version=2.0), <Constant name="platform_cli"/>, [API](/docs/dbt-apis/overview), the [Discovery API](/docs/dbt-apis/discovery-api), and [Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl). It provides access to private APIs, text-to-SQL, and SQL execution.
```

> The MCP server provides access to [<Constant name="wizard" />](/docs/dbt-ai/wizard-overview), <Constant name="platform_cli"/>, [API](/docs/dbt-apis/overview), the [Discovery API](/docs/dbt-apis/discovery-api), and [Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl). It provides access to private APIs, text-to-SQL, and SQL execution.

Author: ```suggestion
The MCP server provides access to [<Constant name="wizard" />](/docs/platform/wizard-overview), <Constant name="platform_cli"/>, [API](/docs/dbt-apis/overview), the [Discovery API](/docs/dbt-apis/discovery-api), and [Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl). It provides access to private APIs, text-to-SQL, and SQL execution.
```
